Create ScriptingwithR.md (#317)
QutEcoacoustics/audio-analysis: docs/basics/ScriptingwithR.md

# Scripting with R

> Since most ecologists and biologists are more used to using R than shell, we provide here an R script to run *AP.exe*

Reviewer: Let's avoid the generalisation:
```suggestion
For those more comfortable with R over a terminal, here is an example of an R script that runs *AP.exe*.
```

> 

Reviewer: We should explain that using R like this, where we invoke _AP.exe_ with `system2` is identical to using a shell.

R interactive is just another shell after all, and RStudio is just another terminal.

So just using R to invoke AP.exe is adding a lot of complexity. The main reason to do this is if you want to integrate an analysis in with the rest of your R analysis, or to batch analyze data.

> ## Set the directory containing the files

Reviewer: We should introduce this example, and explain what we intend to do.

``` files <- list.files(directory, pattern = "*.wav", full.names = TRUE) ```

## Iterate through each file
Here we indicate we will do this whole process for each file in our list of files:
1. Get the filename
2. Create a folder for each file inside the ```base_output_directory```
3. Prepare the command, which means put together the bits that will form the command that R and the computer will understand
4. Execute the command - Run the analysis

```
for(file in files) {
  message("Processing ", file) 
  
  # get just the name of the file
  file_name <- basename(file)
  
  # make a folder for results
  output_directory <- normalizePath(file.path(base_output_directory, file_name))
  dir.create(output_directory, recursive = TRUE)
  
  # prepare command
  command <- sprintf('audio2csv "%s" "Towsey.Acoustic.yml" "%s" ', file, output_directory)
  
  # finally, execute the command
  system2('C:\\AP\\AnalysisPrograms.exe', command)
}

> ```

Reviewer: It would be good if this was one code block, just like from the example you pulled it out from.

We can explain individual bits before or after the body
